He didn't realize I was putting him out.
I'm wrong. I won't do that again.
I drank too much.
That's what confusion is.
Don't blame me, okay?
You drink too much.
I swear I drank too much, don't hold it against me, okay?
If you like me that way
He wants to know he's going to collapse.
I promise I'll keep it a secret.
But only this time.
I promise I'll be out.
The late general manager, I went to buy pastries and got off work.
I just bought it on the way.
Eat.
What's that look?
You're welcome, I'm back.
Today is your birthday.
It's like a green bean cake that I specifically bought for him.
You.
- Take me home.
It was so good for Yeon Yeon.
Why is Yeon-yeon so confused?
Ma'am, we're not asking you to hire a director.
Can we not stay home?
It's okay, you can wait any time.
Boy, he didn't bring his age to see me.
I have to visit them.
It's a cold night.
There is a small shop next door.
I'll go get you some hot water.
Let you arrange someone.
Excuse me.
I'm not doing a good job.
Nothing happened?
What could happen?
Nothing happened.
Didn't that man say he slept with a woman?
Who did you sleep with?
Convenient to look at people.
Be careful.